You're the only one for me.
I want you to know,
that I'll never leave you.
You're the only one that I miss.
I want you to know,
that I'll never look at someone else.
You'll always be the only one in my heart.
Love you / Love (I guess)
Then, Boss' big hand moves to pull Tono's shirt.
Then Boss kisses at Tono's neck that red mark can be seen.
Tono moans with pleasure at the same beat of those kisses.
His body move forward and backward at the same time.
Boss couldn't hold it back anymore,
so he...
What the heck?
Is it too easy?
Do I look that easy?
But you're getting famous.
There're so many readers.
When there're many readers, next they will make it into tv series.
And your series will be famous. Famous!
It'll be famous for sure, trust me.
Famous, my ass. Who on earth write about me?
Damn, why is this happening to me?
Put away that sad filter.
It's actually fun.
It isn't.
Where are you?
Whose room is it? Whose house is it?
Your new boyfriend's?
Air con in my room is broken,
So I'm hanging at my brother's.
Why? Jealous?
Shut up.
Look, my reputation that I've been building.
I think it's good. It's not that bad.
It's bad. It is very bad.
One second, it is kissing.
Another second, it is making love.
It looks like a porn fiction.
Are you blaming the writer?
Yes.
Maybe. No. I don't know
It's your fault.
You have to find who the writer is.
How so?
You have to find who it is. I'll go now.
You're ordering me like I'm your boyfriend.
Let me read it.
Or maybe it is my brother...
Who is that? His new boyfriend?
Ter.
Oh, is that his brother?
Do you have anything to say to Tono?
I'm really sorry.
I didn't think that you will dislike it that much.
But I've deleted all of them. You don't have to worry.
That's fine.
Actually, I'm not really against it.
You don't have to listen to Boss.
What? you didn't say like this last time.
Stop
But, I'm really sorry.
I've decided...
to stop writing.
You can continue writing.
I'm waiting to read the last chapter,
to see how Boss and Tono...
will end up.
Really?
Yes, really.
But please cut the love scene out a bit.
I'm actually an innocent person. People will get it all wrong.
Of course.
Are you sure to let Ter continue his writing?
Yes, I'm sure.
I would be sad too if someone ruin my dream.
I can see the passion in his eyes.
So, what do you think my passion is?
Your body? I see you live so well.
Nope.
It is you.
I'm losing appetite now.
I'm being serious. I'd go to see you if I can.
We can meet after Covid.
Really? You're really coming to see me?
Umm.
So you would stop calling if we meet.
I'll see you other time then.
Why is that?
I'm afraid that you'll be gone if we meet.
Don't be so serious.
I'm not going anywhere.
Don't go anywhere then, promise?
Promise.
Guys, I have to say,
everyone has to know
about Boss and Tono.
Every plastforms and every updates
are all talking about BossTono.
Even I can't resist to join their fandom.
They are so cute.
Cute with a capital C.
You guys know what I mean by capital C, right?
They're so cute like...
CUTE, like this.
Another thing that I'm wondering is...
are they just an imagine couple,
or are they a real one.
Today is a special day,
that we're getting to talk with the real Boss and Tono.
Tono,
Have you ever met Boss in real life?
No, never.
I see. Never, right?
So.. what do you like about him.
I like...
everything about him.
Where did the screaming come from?
Oh, it the sound effect.
I pressed it.
Let's ask Boss.
What about you? What do you like about Tono?
But, wait.
I've heard from an inside that,
You're the one who texted Tono first, right?
That's right.
You're quite a bad boy.
At least, my inside story is correct.
Let's continue with Boss.
What about you?
What is your first impression with Tono?
Actually...
I've been secretly having a crush on him for some times.
So, can we call you two...
a lover?
Well...
if he agrees then, yes.
What're you talking about?
So, not yet. He hasn't agreed with it yet.
Let not wait any time.
I have a fun game for you today.
I have an online mind guessing game,
for Boss and Tono to play.
So we will all know whether these two
really know each other.
Okay. Are you ready?
Boss, what is Tono's favourite food?
Mackerel.
Correct.
What about Tono? What is Boss' favourite food?
Well...
many things.
Time's up.
Next question. Listen carefully.
Where was the most recent country that Boss visited?
Laos.
It's Myanmar.
Next, what is Boss' favourite pet?
Cat.
Wrong.
How many siblings does Tono have?
He's an only child.
Correct.
What is Boss' favourite fruit?
Watermelon?
Wrong.
Boss...
i'm sorry.
You know almost everything about me.
But I...
barely know anything about you?
Don't worry.
I'm the one,
who barely tell you anything about myself.
Let's open up and slowly learn about each other.
Okay.
Let's learn about each for a long long time, until we gradute,
until we retire, until we are old.
Silly.